When creating word embeddings,
the corpus you are using to create
them will affect your word embeddings.
This is something we will
explore later in the weeks, but
first let us see what is required
to create these embeddings.
To create word embeddings, you always
need two things, a corpus of text,
and an embedding method.
The corpus contains
the words you want to embed,
organized in the same way as they would
be used in the context of interest.
For example, if you want to generate
towards embeddings based on Shakespeare,
then your corpus would be the full,
and original text of Shakespeare and
not study notes, side presentations,
or keywords from Shakespeare.
The context of a word refers
to what other words or
combination of words tend to occur
around that particular word,
the context is important as this is what
will give meaning to each word embedding.
A simple vocabulary list of
Shakespeare's most common words,
would not be enough to create embeddings.
The corpus would be a general
purpose sets of documents such as,
Wikipedia articles, or it could be
more specialist such as, an industry,
or enterprise specific corpus to
capture the nuances of the context.
For NLP use cases on legal topics,
you could use contracts, and law books as
the corpus, the embedding method creates
the word embeddings from the corpus.
There are many types of possible methods,
but
in this course I will focus on modern
methods based on machine learning
models which are set to
learn the word embeddings.
The machine learning model
performs a learning task, and
the main by products of this
task are the word embeddings.
For instance, the task could be to learn
to predict a word based on the surrounding
words, any sentence of the corpus as in
the case of the continuous bag of words
approach that I will describe in the next
videos that you will implement this week.
The specific of the task,
are what will ultimately define
the meaning of the individual words.
I'll get back to this in
one of the next videos,
the task is said to be self supervised.
It is both unsupervised in
the sense that the input data,
the corpus is unlabeled, and supervised
in the sense that the data itself
provides the necessary context which
would ordinarily make up the labels.
So the corpus is a self contained data
set that contains both the training data,
and the data that enables
the supervision of the task.
Word embeddings can be tuned by a number
of hyper parameters just like in any
machine learning model.
One of these hyper parameters is the
dimension of the word embedding vectors.
In practice,
this dimension typically ranges from
a few hundred to the low thousands.
Using higher dimensions, captures
more nuanced meanings, but is more
computational expensive, both as training
time, and later down the line when
using the word embedding vectors, this
eventually leads to diminishing returns.
Finally, to feed the corpus into
the machine learning model,
the contents of the corpus must
first be transformed into a suitable
mathematical representation
from words into numbers.
The representation depends on the
specifics of the model, but it is usually
based on the simple representations
that I presented in the previous video,
such as integer base towards indices,
or one hot vectors.
In this video,
you learned about high level process
to create context embeddings.
For the next step, I'll introduce you
to several word embedding methods,
including the continuous
bag of words approach that
you will be implementing
in this week's assignment.
So far, we have learned a new term
known as self supervised learning,
this term will show up again and
again in the field of machine learning.
It is a mix of unsupervised learning,
and supervised learning.
Now in the next video we will see some
of the methods used for word embeddings.